docs(install): add Katana install and WSL2 setup guide (#4109) (#4110)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/quick-start/installation/linux/index.mdx

  * Check your local CUDA version by running the following command in a terminal: `nvcc --version`
* For the Vulkan version you'll need the vulkan library. In ubuntu, this would be `sudo apt install libvulkan1`.

## Katana (optional but recommended)

Tabby uses [Katana](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/katana) as a crawling backend for context providers.  

> If you want Tabby to **import and reason over documentation**, Katana is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import and analyze `developer docs` when llms.txt is unavailable at the specified link, Katana is required.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that the minimum Katana version required is `1.1.2`.
```
